---
title: Internship experience
description: This is my first post on Docusaurus.
slug: intern
authors:
  - name: Alfred Tan Jiang Yao
    title: Data Scientist Intern
    url: https://github.com/alfredtanjiangyao
    image_url: https://github.com/alfredtanjiangyao.png
tags: [internship]
hide_table_of_contents: true
---

import TOCInline from '@theme/TOCInline';

<TOCInline toc={toc} />

## Feeling

I have been working as a data scientist intern at a small company with nearly 50 employees under the Sunway Group for two weeks. What I have felt is that maybe I'm not born to be a working person. Even I get fairly enough sleep, I still find myself feeling dizzy in the middle of the workday. When this happens, I feel like I need a 15-minute break, it could be a short nap, to refresh my mind and maintain high productivity. However, taking a nap at work is challenging, especially when my manager is sitting nearby. Frankly, I think this new working culture should be implemented in every company to allow or even encourage employees to take a short nap without feeling guilty. 

In terms of working culture, I would like to point out another important aspect. I found that my manager is very cautious, both with people and things. When she found out I could access some confidential files, she immediately changed my access level. These terrible experiences made me feel that she didn't gain enough trust from me, even though I have been working with her for two weeks. You may argue that two weeks is not a long time. But the feeling of distrust makes me feel uncomfortable, disappointed and also unmotivated. I think this lack of trust caused the breakup in my last relationship. From my point of view, I think what my manager did is not align with what she mentioned earlier -- we won't limit you. What a funny joke.

## Action

I think I need to find a way to self-motivate during this challenging internship. Maybe a quote? **What you accomplish now will help you in your future** or **Grind now before you are old**

Drafted on 2024-05-24


